#570 Add located specification id (#571)
itsallcode/openfasttrace: .agents/skills/openfasttrace/SKILL.md

Author: Codex complained about the missing frontmatter

---
name: openfasttrace

> description: Work with OpenFastTrace requirement tracing, including specification items, artifact IDs, coverage markers, Markdown and Gherkin syntax, and trace validation. Use when Codex needs to create, edit, review, or validate OpenFastTrace-traced requirements, design, implementation, tests, or documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Work with OpenFastTrace requirement tracing, including specification items, artifact IDs, coverage markers, Markdown and Gherkin syntax, and trace validation. Use when AI agent needs to create, edit, review, or validate OpenFastTrace-traced requirements, design, implementation, tests, or documentation.
```
